Overview 
----------------------------
Following the economic intuition developed in Stiglitz (1980), this projects explores how imperfect information can distort the path to general equilibrium.
Throughout the simulation, players aim at optimizing their pricing and production decision by making inferences according to their expectation of future interest rate and general price level.

Description of each function
----------------------------
1. Initiation.m : This is the main function of the simulation program.
2. Simulation.m : This intiates the simulation according to the specified parameters
3. Player_opt.m : This function calculates the optimal production quantity and price according to the type of player and their information set. 
4. Prod_funct.m : This calculates the expected profit according to the given probability distribution, expected price, an array of randomly generated production quantity
5. profit_max.m: Given the hypothetical profit generated by Prod_funct.m, this function applies the non-linear optimization method (Iscurvefit) to explore the optimal output quantity. 
6. b_m.m       : This function will be applied to generate series of historical price and interest rate.
7. price_update.m: Update the aggregate price by weighting the output level.
8. kdf.m       : Generate the probability distribution 
9. Minxk.m     : Find the minimum k members of an array.


Simulation parameters
------------------------------
1. Types of player: Player types are defined according to their memory preference, which range from :
                      (i) Full memory - players can recall ALL historical data.
                      (ii)  Limited memory - Players can recall only a portion of the entire history.
                      (iii) Extreme   - Players tend to remember the lowest or the highest values of the given information.
                      (iv)  Random - Player can recall scattered information with random rize.
2. Environment: 
  - The simulation can be initiated with (i) specific type of players or (ii) players with randomly decided type.
  - Types of historical data range from (i) Constant or (ii) Stochastic, which are generated according to standard brownian motion.
  
  
  Detail discussion of the result can be found in the report.
